Hello everyone
today let's see how to make
Padded cottages like these are
perfect as thoughts in Christmas and
can be used both as
decoration for the tree simply
thus leaving the cottage or
inserting a ring for the keys
they can become beautiful
carry them out is very simple
and they only need waste from the gods
some small fabric inspections
the scrap of felt of the buttons is the
it's done
but let's see immediately how to make them
we take two cuttings of cloth and
let's go and draw our silhouette
cut out
and we use this piece we have
clipped to create the other on
second shape we need
and here are the two pieces then we take a
piece of decorative ribbon that
we close it is in a trap I call in the middle
so let 's put the fabric in from the
straight the ribbon that will then be turned
in this way but to do so must
being turned inwards is the
second piece on the right side to close
now our house is ready for
be sewn with the sewing machine
we take our little house and go to
sew the two sides the base la
we leave open because from this da
this part will be inserted
the padding
after sewing the entire side edge
we turn the fabric from the right side
we insert some wadding to stuff
the cottage
fold the fabric inside
let's close the puzzle with a hidden point
so let's take our needle do
a knot at the end
now the base of the cottage is well
closed
we can decorate the front of the
house using cut-outs of
felt and some small buttons
chase
and finally we also sew the roof
and the cottage is ready I hope you like them
my houses to see you soon
bye Bye